MySQL Connector/Net 6.2
MySQL AB's ADO.Net Driver for MySQL
Copyright (c) 2004-2007 MySQL AB, 2008-2009 Sun Microsystems

CONTENTS

* License
* Documentation Location
* Included software


LICENSE

MySQL Connector/Net is licensed under the GPL or a commercial license
from MySQL AB. 

If you have licensed this product under the GPL, please see the COPYING
file for more information. 

If you have licensed this product under a commercial license from
MySQL AB, please see the file "MySQLEULA.txt" that comes with this 
distribution for the terms of the license.

If you need non-GPL licenses for commercial distribution please contact 
me <reggie@mysql.com> or <sales@mysql.com>.


DOCUMENTATION LOCATION
 
The documentation currently exists in MSDN help format and is located in the 'doc' 
directory.

This software is OSI Certified Open Source Software.
OSI Certified is a certification mark of the Open Source Initiative.


INCLUDED SOFTWARE

The following software may be included in this product:
zlib

Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below:

/* zlib.h -- interface of the 'zlib' general purpose compression library
  version 1.2.3, July 18th, 2005

  Copyright (C) 1995-2005 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

  Jean-loup Gailly jloup@gzip.org
  Mark Adler madler@alumni.caltech.edu

*/
